android: java-native scope sync (#2596)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/usage/advanced-usage.mdx

The Sentry Gradle Plugin can be [configured](../../proguard/#gradle-configuration) to upload the debug symbols and sources automatically.

> #### Scope synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scope Synchronization
```

> Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash happen. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 

Author: ```suggestion
Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash happens. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 
```

> Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash happens. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 

Reviewer 2: not sure if `(C/C++)` is the best syntax, but I'd like to stress that its either C/C++ code or NDK layer, cus the term `native` is very confusing for most of the peiple

> 
> Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash happens. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to set context data in the Java layer, then receive that context data when a native crash happens, you need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 
```

> Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash happens. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 

Author: Good point

> native `Scope`. This feature was introduced in version `3.1.0` of the Android SDK and requires an opt-in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
native `Scope`. This feature was introduced in version `3.0.0` of the Android SDK and requires an opt-in:
```

Reviewer 2: its published since 3.0.0-beta.1

> Often users want to set context data in the Java layer, and get that when a native crash (C/C++) happens. For that, we need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the 
> native `Scope`. This feature was introduced in version `3.0.0` of the Android SDK and requires an opt-in:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to set context data in the Java layer, then receive that context data when a native (C/C++) crash happens, you need to synchronize the Java `Scope` with the native `Scope`. This feature was introduced in version `3.0.0` of the Android SDK and requires an opt-in:
```
